Hi everyone, my name is Fernando Medina Corey,
and welcome to my course AWS IoT: The Big Picture.
I currently work as a cloud architect at Stormlight Consulting, LLC.
And I've previously used AWS as a data engineer and software developer.
I also currently hold six AWS certifications and have made
courses that span dozens of AWS services.
This course is a high level overview of all the
components of AWS's IoT offering.
With billions of IoT devices being added to the market every year,
you'll want to be prepared to benefit from what some are
calling the fourth industrial revolution.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover include
IoT risks and responsibilities, leveraging custom software for IoT devices,
AWS IoT services to help us build and secure our applications,
and how we could integrate our IoT applications with other AWS services.
By the end of this course,
you'll know enough about the Internet of Things and the AWS IoT
Service Suite to plan out your first IoT applications and
understand any IoT jargon you might encounter.
Before beginning this course,
you should probably be familiar with cloud computing and
potentially know a little bit about AWS itself.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving into other IoT and non-IoT AWS
services with courses on particular AWS IoT services,
AWS Lambda, or other foundational AWS courses.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn AWS IoT
with the AWS IoT: The Big Picture course, here at Pluralsight.